Seriously, thank you, Class Rep.
If you hadn't been there when it
happened then, we would've
been...
[nervous laugh] You're
exaggerating.
Really, the reason we're safe is
only because Lord Hokage just
happened to be in the area.
Yeah, that was really fortunate
for us.
Workplace experience field trips
were my idea. I'm very sorry.
Oh, Sensei, you don't have to
feel so bad. All you need to do
is learn from your failures.
Don't you think it's strange?
People going wild for no reason?
Seems like it's happening too
often.
It's hard for me to put into
words, but when it happened to
me...
I had this horrible feeling of
uncontrollable anger welling up
inside me.
Yes. It felt like I suddenly
had a raging fever.
How strange, I've never heard of
an illness like that before.
Well anyway, I wasn't hurt very
badly, so everything's okay!
You did hit your head though. So
it's a good idea if you take it
easy for a while.
Hey, where are Boruto and the
other guys?
They are probably on their way.
But maybe it is better that they
are not here...
since the Class Rep can rest up
better without those noisy guys
around. [screams]
Class Rep, you alright?
[gasps] Oh, Boruto!
So, how are you feeling?
Fine! I'm okay.
Are you sure?
Well I am sure that I am not
okay. [groans]
I really messed up.
Please, don't worry about me.
It's really just some bumps and
bruises.
[sighs]
I'm really sorry. If I'd been
more on the ball, then...
Don't beat yourself up, Boruto.
It wasn't your fault!
No, you're wrong about that!
[sighs]
(Wasabi Izuno) Enough!
You're scaring the Class Rep,
she needs her rest!
Oh, no, I really didn't mean...
Come on, let's go! No
noisy visitors allowed.
But...
Look, you really shouldn't blame
yourself.
You're not responsible for what
happened to her.
No, it isn't that.
If I hadn't made such a mess of
delivering the mail...
then we could have had all day
today to patrol.
Maybe we would have noticed
something happening at the water
purification plant, you know?
Hmm.
Well maybe that's true, but...
(Naruto) Boruto!
Uh, Dad, uh, what are you doing
here?
Thank you for rescuing the
Class Rep and the others.
You're hunting for the Ghost
too, aren't you Dad?
If you know something, please,
let us in on it!
[grunts]
Ow! Come on, now's not the time
to be pulling on my ear!
(Naruto) Just come with me!
Ow! Let go, that really hurts ya
know!
[grunting] Just what the hell
was that all about? [gasps]
Take a good look.
Hold on, that's...
(Naruto) Yeah. The person who
attacked your classmates.
The chakra in his body has
been almost completely depleted.
Listen...
The only reason that you've been
safe during these incidents...
is sheer luck, and
nothing more than that.
This is no longer a matter for
kids playing detective.
Yeah, I know that, all right?!
You don't. You don't understand
the true horrors of battle till
you've seen them for yourself.
First graduate from the Academy,
and then we'll be able to talk.
What? Come on, Dad, that isn't
fair!
Boruto and the others were just
getting workplace experience.
As I assigned them to.
Correct, Boruto?
Look, Shino. You know he's only
a kid. He's too young to really
understand.
You may well be right.
But still, there are times when
a child is able to show us
he can do more than an adult.
If he is treated like an adult.
Shino Sensei?
What's more...
As his Academy teacher, I
have a precise idea of Boruto's
abilities.
That is, what he can, and cannot
do.
[chuckles] Well since you're so
convinced, I'll just leave it in
your hands now.
Sensei!
Don't worry, we'll solve this
case no matter what happens!
Don't get the wrong idea. I
don't recall telling you boys to
solve anything at all.
(Shino) But...
The three of you were the ones
who saved me.
So I won't treat you like mere
children anymore. [chuckles]
Thanks, Sensei!
We owe Sensei one
for standing up for us.
It's true. We can't betray the
trust that he put in us.
We'll take care of our
on‐the‐job training first...
and then we're gonna go catch
that ghost!
(Mitsuki) But what about the
Bureau Chief? Isn't he going to
be mad at us?
I forgot about him! If he gives
us another job inside, we can't
go on patrol!
Hmph! Are you still
dilly‐dallying around here?
You three should have started
your deliveries ages ago!
What? You actually want us
to go deliver the mail?
Well, the person you have to
thank for that is Tayori.
(Komame) He practically begged
me to look past what you've
done...
and allow you to deliver the
mail with him again.
Tayori did that?
But if you dare to handle the
mail carelessly this time...
even if it's just workplace
experience, you will be fired!
Thank you, ya know!
I'm pretty sure that you guys
picked this particular job...
because of an important reason,
right?
I realize it's not that flashy
here.
But if there's anything I can do
to help, I'd be happy to be of
service!
Yes, thank you! You'll
definitely be a big help!
Today, we're going to be in
charge of that area. Route two.
Is that different from what we
did before?
This is called a
village, but it's big!
We have four postal teams here.
Each day we take turns to
deliver mail to each route.
Which means, that other than the
route we're taking, the rest
will be blind spots.
Hmm. But without Boruto's eye,
we can't see the ghost anyway.
What are you guys
talking about?
Ah!
What about this?
No way, no way.
We just can't put that much
distance between us and you.
They're right. What can I say?
We gotta be able to see you.
Come on! What happened to "where
there's a will, there's a way?!"
There's that can‐do attitude.
Listen, what's impossible
is impossible.
Yeah, what he said.
You clones are
completely useless!
Wow, see that? Now that's a
good example of the "boomerang
effect."
(Namida) Sorry Class Rep.
But we've got to get going now.
Oh no! Please don't worry about
me! Your parents are here to
pick you up, aren't they?
Go on, don't keep them waiting!
We'll come by to
visit you again.
So just let us know
if you need anything.
Mhm.
Right! Break's over! Let's go,
you guys!
Uh, yeah, okay.
Although, shouldn't we wait
until Mitsuki comes back from
doing his shopping?
I wonder where he could
have gone, anyway.
Mitsuki, come on, already!
Boruto...
Hmm?
No matter how impatient you may
get, the ghost will only show up
when it shows up.
(Shikadai) Just deal with it.
[grunts]
(Mitsuki) Boruto! Shikadai!
(Boruto) Mitsuki!
Seems the Ghost's appeared
again.
[gasps]
So where is it?
[whispers]
[grunts]
[frustrated grunt]
Hey.
I'm gonna go out to get some
ramen. You wanna come along?
No I want to finish
checking this today.
[sighs] Sai...Aren't you pushing
yourself a little hard?
That's funny coming from you.
Hah.
Listen, even if the Foundation
is connected to these incidents,
it's got nothing to do with you.
You're not responsible
for everything.
[sighs] Well anyway,
I'm getting ramen.
Naruto.
Hmm?
If it's true that someone from
the Foundation is involved in
this...
I want to help them as soon as I
can.
Because they should know they
don't have to be bound to a
misguided ideology.
They don't have to be the way
that I was.
Damn it! It looks like we got
here too late again!
This is the fifth time.
It always seems to occur just a
little bit away from the route
we're on.
And here we are again with no
answers. What do you think is
going on?
It's almost like whoever's doing
this knows where we'll be.
[gasps] Actually, you might be
on to something there Boruto.
It was in a whole other area.
Looking at this, I get the
feeling that we're being
watched.
You mean spied on by the Ghost?
Well, for right now, we're just
speculating.
But if you're correct, then to
cover the blind spots...
we'd have to go along every
single route at the same time.
Damn it! If only I were able to
make Shadow Clones the way my
dad does!
(Shikadai) I figured.
So I called for a little help.
I don't like being
called "help."
I'd prefer "Awesome Champion of
Righteous Justice."
It seems like you guys are going
to be sneaking around and having
fun.
After the Class Rep got hurt in
that incident, we could not just
sit idly by anymore!
That's great but, you guys, what
about your workplace experience
assignments?
Not a problem! We already
finished our reports!
We're not slackers like you!
All right, so what's the plan?
What do you want us to do?
Yes, share your plan with us!
Well, then in that case...Hmm!
All of you split up! And you'll
cover every postal route
throughout the whole village.
Then, if you see anything
strange happening, let us know
immediately.
How are we supposed
to notify you?
Iwabe. Did you bring all
the gear? The things I
asked for?
Yeah! I got em from the
fireworks factory. This good?
[chuckles] They'll be perfect.
If anything happens, fire one of
these into the air.
Hey, this feels like
a real mission!
Guys, I'm counting on you!
Just leave it to us!
Right! Move out!
All right! Yeah!
Hey, hey wait!
What do you think you're doing?
What's the meaning of this?
[sighs]
I let them have another chance
and just look! As soon as I turn
my back this happens.
What do young people think rules
are for these days?
Huh? Oh! I always tell them to
be careful separating these.
And just what are these doing
over here on this shelf?
It's no wonder deliveries have
been getting delayed! Huh?
Hello? Is somebody else in here?
[yells]
This stamp was put on crooked.
The name and address are too
faint.
How many times must I remind
people to write down the postal
code clearly!
I do my job with the utmost care
and dedication and yet!
This one, too! And this one, and
this one!
I'm completely sick and tired of
this job!
(Boruto) We finally found you!
But how did you know?
It was simple. Once we figured
out that our moves were being
monitored...
we knew that it had to be a
person manipulating the Ghost.
(Shikadai) At that point, we
just had to make them believe...
That all of our friends were
going to be positioned on every
route.
Meaning that the entire village
would be under observation.
So the last blind spot would be
right here inside the post
office.
Yep! There you have it.
And you showed up, exactly like
all of us expected you to!
[screaming]
Bureau Chief!
I don't know what's going on,
but we can attack right?
Yeah.
(Shikadai) Capture him, and
it'll be clear.
We're gonna end this whole thing
right now!
[yelling]
[grunting]
[gasps]
Hmm.
We've been waiting for you!
Hmph.
[yelling]
This is bad.
Yeah. And being forced to use
that jutsu is hurting him.
Let's move in!
[angry yelling]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Boruto!
Earth Style: Mud Wall!
Thanks, Iwabe!
If we can't get close, we can't
stop it!
Huh?
Hey! What about the spirit of
organization and neatness?
A worthless job like this
doesn't deserve my attention!
Who cares if I mess up
everything!
Huh?
What?
[grunts]
Tayori, no!
It's too dangerous! Just come
back!
(Tayori) It's not worthless!
For every letter we have,
there's someone anxiously
waiting to receive it!
[screaming]
And that is the reason why we
must never cut corners!
[screaming/groaning]
Now!
Let's go!
[grunts]
[screaming]
We pulled it off.
[giggles]
[grunts]
Stay alert! We're not finished!
Can you see anything?
I can't! Nothing!
[grunts]
You're not getting away!
[grunting]
What's that?
Was that thing what you guys
were trying to track down,
Boruto?
This guy is way too fast!
I can't do it!
[grunting]
You will not escape!
Hmph!
Cha!
Ah!
Metal, where did he go?
[gasps] I do not know! I thought
I had caught up to him, but...
[sighs] I guess we
must have lost him.
(Inojin) Well, since we don't
know how to walk on water yet...
(Metal Lee) Hello?
Bureau Chief!
[groans] Do you know that your
hat is crooked?
[chuckles] I'm sorry, sir.
It looks like we don't have to
worry about him anymore.
Boruto. Sorry, but we
lost the masked figure.
I am sorry too.
It's okay. Forget about it.
But at least we got some data.
Yeah. It turns out that there's
someone who's been manipulating
the Ghost.
I don't really even want to
consider this...
but that masked guy could be
someone close to us.
Someone close to us?
Okay, come on now! We still
gotta finish up our work!
Our work?
Just take a look around this
place!
If we don't do something to fix
all this, we'll probably get
yelled at again!
[chuckles] All right, then.
C'mon, don't just stand there
doing nothing. Hurry up guys, or
we'll never get it done!
(Iwabe) What? Why do we have to
help out?
(Metal Lee) Let us join in! We
will have a race to see who can
clean the fastest!
(Tanuki Shigaraki) The negative
chakra of the weak‐hearted opens
the door...
created by the Hashirama Cell
and becomes the nourishment that
will awaken Nue.
The time for our dearest wish
to come true draws near...
(Boruto) The Hokage is someone
who sacrifices those closest to
him for the village.
Someone like that can get lost!
I'll never abandon those who are
close to me!
I'm gonna do what my Dad
couldn't. I'll make him
understand!
(Mitsuki) Those feelings of
yours will pull everyone around
you close.
Hey Boruto, I've been wondering
if I should tell you...
(Boruto) What is it?
(Mitsuki) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "Boruto
and Mitsuki."
(Mitsuki) I came here tonight to
tell you something.